so now we've removed the the backbone
let's just clean this up a little
bit so what I want to do is just do is go
along the top here with a very sharp knife
and just trim this off as you can see keep it nice
and neat keep your area nice and clean and as well
always keep your knife pointing away from your
fish so that way you don't hit your fingers on
so now I want to remove the rib cage so the way
i do this is you've got to be very careful nice
sharp knife and you want to go just underneath
the rib cage once you go under you're going to
go towards your hand very gently but the bones
are in between so I'm using the tip of my knife
and just gently scoring to get it as you can
see I'm just checking each time I go through
and coming towards my hand and lifting up so you
can see how it's just coming along go all the way
now a lot of times people will just cut
straight down I just want to get
this last red bone that I missed